These days I was thinking how it would be
if I were the creator of any game
if I helped in the production finally to
first thing that came into my head
was to put some tolla gem some
easter egg macabre there to let the
players with fears is crazy uncles yellow
waterfall and thinking about that I ended up
seeing what it would take to make some videos
cool about macabre easter eggs or
terrible at last
so if you like easter eggs you can
make sure this video sucks then
It already leaves I liked it that underneath we go
over there
the sonic one of the most famous characters
of games and I would never imagine that
one of your games would have an easter egg
so hideous so the sonic cbt an easter
egg is literally at the beginning of the
play if you make a sequence of
buttons down low down left
right you will be taken to a
secret screen where you can listen to
songs and sounds of the game there begins
bizarre you select certain
music and sound effects it an order
For sure you go to another secret screen and
There are very bizarre things in her.
on this screen plus a sinister song
in the background you can see in the image of the
sonic
only he's kind of bizarre with his face
I formed through whatever it is awful
so
in the middle of the screen also has a message
in Japanese the translation means
Infinite fun follows inter countries
who owns the game and imagines
Then you think the fuck is magic 15 and
then the word maggi means demon
It's macabre so you soon think you have
some demon on this screen this should be
one of the most macabre steroids without
notion of sonic but let's relax that it has
an explanation that uproar and one of
the creators of these phases of sonic
His nickname is , I do not know.
it may be kind of a reference to it
an easter egg for him, of course.
sega also knew that this was the name of
a demon and did a lagen exchange there
this fox is another sensational game that
that you turn your mind to the
sides blew and one of the phases of the
game you can kill a gray bird
if you see that step and kill it yourself
Go to another world, a game in this world.
the planets have eyes
yes the planets have bizarre eye bitch
It seems like we 're watching, I do not know.
in viana is also the portal game 2 that
In fact a very crazy game is good game in
Good game has one thing and is strange in
one of the game rooms you can hear
weird noises normal thing until
For this game, some noise in the village alone.
that if you take these sounds and put
them into a program that transforms audio
and image you see a mean image
basically strange noises without
sense also saw an image without
sense but look what pizarro she is
It seems that something is written there is tense.
what madness in the game rhythm with trox
I do not know how to speak on an easter
egg you see a ghost and sister is
macabre can be found in a
mission of the game that takes place within a
hotel during this mission you can
find a locked door
only if you use a lock it
Kind of a thing she own the door to you.
Can you open that door and go to a
secret area of ​​the game there when you
enters the bathroom of your hotel you see
This bizarre ghost is
your local content on me
Gta goes city is also a full game
of macabre stars in the game you can
find a butcher shop and so far so good
The best you'll find there is what the
chicken bacon sausages not with this not
need to think bullshit and even a goal
even though it has not happened and you too
can find human chunks type
arms eyes cannibal brains
the craziest here near you butcher
has a skeleton on the ground and
skeleton is missing just one
piece of his arm that you can see
at the butchery
so you think you killed the guy
they buried him there all shit and
they cooked his arm twitter is
crazy this is just to expect that
really bizarre and talking about it the staff
Today I will recommend for you a channel
very good of a brother of mine both get together
You're a guy who enjoys horror legends.
Urban is is whatever horror things
bizarre
Click here to see the channel link
from liam buckley I'm going to ask you guys
go in the last video there and it was the
give with the hashtag good myth in the last
video of him fuck there he felt the drama
that the steps of the channel I want to see you
representing there in Huambo in and of course
You like the content of it subscribe.
there too
if you like this video that was another
peace with more easter eggs bizarre leaves
I liked it here that the help of more
The more you have, the more I stay.
excited and I know you want another
Is not that part of it?
and thanks